docs/autotitle/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Autotitle
description: Automatically rename anime episodes with proper titles
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Autotitle

A CLI tool & Go library for automatically renaming anime episodes with proper titles and detecting filler episodes.

## Features

- 🎯 **Automatic Episode Renaming** - Pattern-based filename matching and generation
- 🎨 **Flexible Pattern Matching** - Support for multiple filename formats with `{{TEMPLATE}}` variables
- 🔖 **Filler Detection** - Automatically marks filler episodes with `[F]` tag
- 📚 **Episode Database** - Caches episode data from MyAnimeList and AnimeFillerList
- 🧠 **Smart Updates** - Auto-updates database when new episodes air
- 💾 **Smart Backups** - Automatic backup before renaming with restore capability
- 📦 **Library & CLI** - Use as standalone tool or import as Go package

## Quick Links

- **[Installation](./install.mdx)** - Get autotitle on your system
- **[Quick Start](./quickstart.mdx)** - Start renaming files in minutes
- **[Configuration](./configuration.mdx)** - Configure patterns and output format
- **[CLI Reference](./cli-reference.mdx)** - All available commands
- **[Go Library](./library.mdx)** - Use autotitle as a Go package
- **[Provider System](./providers.mdx)** - Adding new data sources

Commit message:

docs(autotitle): modularize Library documentation

docs/autotitle/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Autotitle
description: Automatically rename anime episodes with proper titles
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Autotitle

**Automated media file renamer using online databases.**

Autotitle scans your anime/media directory, matches filenames against online databases (MyAnimeList, AnimeFillerList), and renames them into a clean, consistent format. It also detects and tags filler episodes automatically.

## What it does

```text
BEFORE:
[SubGrp] Attack on Titan - S01E01 [1080p].mkv
[SubGrp] Attack on Titan - S01E02.mkv

AFTER:
Attack on Titan - 01 - To You, in 2000 Years.mkv
Attack on Titan - 02 - That Day.mkv
```

## Features

- 🎯 **Automatic Episode Renaming** - Fetches official titles from MAL/AniList
- 🎨 **Flexible Pattern Matching** - Supports `{{SERIES}} - {{EP_NUM}}` and custom regex
- 🔖 **Filler Detection** - Automatically marks filler episodes (e.g., `[F]`)
- 🛡️ **Safe & Reversible** - Dry-run mode and automatic backups/undo
- ⚡ **Go Library** - Clean API for integrating into your own Go apps
- 🐧 **Cross-Platform** - Runs on Linux, macOS, and Windows

## Quick Links

- **[Installation](./install.mdx)** - Get autotitle on your system
- **[Quick Start](./quickstart.mdx)** - Start renaming files in minutes
- **[Configuration](./configuration.mdx)** - Configure patterns and output format
- **[CLI Reference](./cli-reference.mdx)** - All available commands
- **[Go Library](./library.mdx)** - Use autotitle as a Go package
- **[Provider System](./providers.mdx)** - Adding new data sources
